
# Streamlit GPT-2 Website

## Introduction

This project aims to create an interactive website using Streamlit, a popular open-source framework for building web applications in Python. The website will provide users with an engaging experience by connecting to the powerful GPT-2 language model from Hugging Face, enabling them to interact with the model in real-time. The final application will be deployed using Streamlit's community feature, making it accessible to users via any web browser.

## Features

Utilizes Streamlit for creating a user-friendly interface.
Integrates with the GPT-2 language model from Hugging Face for generating text.
Enables users to input prompts and receive responses generated by the GPT-2 model.
Deployed to the web using Streamlit's community feature, ensuring accessibility to users worldwide.
Setup Instructions

## Clone the repository to your local machine:


Copy code:
```git clone https://github.com/your-username/streamlit-gpt2-website.git```
Navigate to the project directory: 


Copy code:
```cd streamlit-gpt2-website```

Install the required dependencies:
```pip install -r requirements.txt```

Run the Streamlit application:
```streamlit run app.py```

Access the website by opening a web browser and navigating to the provided URL: https://kvanme01-mp9-app-rdqgws.streamlit.app 

## Usage

Upon accessing the website, users will be greeted with an interactive interface.
Users can input prompts or questions into the provided text box.
After submitting the prompt, the website will connect to the GPT-2 model and generate a response.
Users can view and interact with the generated text, and submit additional prompts as desired.
